hello everyone it's Celina and I'm back
with another Cambridge vlog it's Monday
and I'm gonna have for breakfast now and
then I'm gonna go from my lectures I
have two lectures today and an hour
break in between and I have to write a
problem question for a torte which is
due today at 4:00 so I'm gonna mainly
focus on that problem question and just
hopefully get it done so my goal is to
go to the University of your library
after my lectures and then I'm just
gonna write it out and go back to
college to hand it in and yeah that's
pretty much the goal today finished that
problem question I have all my readings
for it done so I just need to you know
plant a question and write it out and
hand it in so yeah that's really the
main goal of today also I thought today
was gonna be like weeny weeny sunny
because the weather forecast fooled me
straight up like I looked it up
yesterday and it was like oh it's gonna
be 20 degrees now like yeah I'm gonna
wear a skirt yeah that I should wear
forecast this morning it was like it's
zero degrees right now and it's gonna go
up to like 19 at around 3 p.m. for like
an hour and that's it and I'm like okay
we're not wearing a skirt today but it
does look good the Webber Doh like I
just say the Webber has approved it has
started to be sunny so that's good so
I'm actually quite happy about that and
since the real summer hasn't come yet I
decided to be a little bit extra and
just give myself some fake summer with a
fake flower which is a bit extra but
honestly I love this ring and I feel
like I just haven't worn it enough so I
decided I should just wear today because
I really like it but I just never put it
on because I don't really have anything
green that would work well with this but
I thought well if I'm wearing a white
sweater that will work though yeah now
me and my fake flower are on our way to
lectures
[Music]
I was like I'll get arrested I breathe I
feel yeah I'm on my way to Stephens room
towards his next but we actually plans
to do our tour problem costume because
we were planning it together the faculty
and we realized we might both be a
failure actually no just me because we
have because we have a statute like we
need to use for this but it's hard to
figure out what to use so we're going to
run together and we're in Stevens room
season rich the Sun continued
[Music]
guys we're done
look at that now we're just intuitive
yeah and you put yours in a foil again
you can show it yeah look at that
she always like wraps it nicely it go
but I supervised it a lot more inclined
to give you a good grade right I mean
it's a try yeah guess where I mean our
friendship meant two things right
Sainsbury's end specimen M ends of a
mess
obviously yeah so yeah let's go
done bye-bye sa yeah there we go
and Ian has a prize thrown away to DBC
with finally I'm so hungry
okay could that problem question was
draining draining my science teacher
used to say that if you are hungry after
study it proves that you are actually
studying this your brain uses energy so
guys do it yeah well anyway my brain is
fried if those nuggets oh and these
fries aha oh my god I don't know what
they did to the fried but they made him
like super super hot and I we like this
you don't get fresh yeah so anyway now
we're gonna go for digital verification
man spent three hours there
and then maybe return to McDonald's for
like a latest snack and I'm back in my
room now and Susan is here as well so um
we're planning to go to Edinburgh
together at the end of a term so
hopefully we're actually gonna manage to
plan this now so now we can actually go
to Edinburgh and we also need to order
Mable tickets yes
I've managed to convince her to go to
Mabel yes I'm not a very like social
feature yes any you don't like um you
know like parties and stuff it's just
not my thing really I prefer to be on my
bed with some hot chocolate and they get
Netflix movie um but see Jen it's kind
of forcing me to go to Mabel so yeah so
yeah that's pretty much the plan also
Mabel tickets are quite expensive and
our college I don't know how is this at
other colleges but I was really
surprised what the same price is it yeah
okay just knocked it because um
reapplying for a double on its 365
pounds yeah just a normal ticket I'm
like that's a lot but yeah see Jenna's
promising me it's gonna be worth it so
yeah I guess it's gonna be a Mabel vlog
tell you but I was actually where to
spend all your than sixty five pounds
and it's quite a bit later now CJ and I
sat together for a few hours
and it's official we are going to
Edinburgh which is really really
exciting
we're gonna go for four nights and we
can experience quite a bit we've made a
really really good plan I'm excited for
it and yeah now I'm gonna take a quick
shower and then I'm gonna go too bad
because see Jenna and I are due to meet
for pancakes tomorrow at 6:45 in the
morning because we have an 8:45 super so
our plan is to eat some pancakes and
then do our talk problem questions
together so those are just like you know
like some like smaller questions which
are set for supervision just to like
make you think not like the big essay
that rewrote today so yeah that's the
plan for tomorrow morning so yeah I'll
just probably take a quick shower and
then I go to bed and I'll see you guys
tomorrow morning good morning guys it's
6:40 so I'm gonna head out now and go to
see James and we're gonna make
cakes and talk about our torte answers
for our supervision and we have our
super at 8:45 and after that what you're
just gonna head to the faculty we have
two lectures today and an hour break in
between so I'm just hoping to know get
some work done in that hour because I
have a never supervision coming up on
Friday for civil law so will be amazing
if I could finish civil law by Wednesday
so that's pretty much the goal for now
because my entire Wednesday is free so
I'm hoping that I can get a lot of work
done on Wednesday so yeah the plan for
now is to just you know do some work in
that hour and then do more work in
university library because I have
another lecture at 5 o'clock so I'm just
gonna stay and you know do work in the
university library until it gets to the
time for my lecture so yeah after that
I'm gonna head back to college and you
know just chill in my room because then
it will have been a very long day so
yeah that's pretty much the plan for
today is so good oh my god
yeah so this is our game at 6:45 in the
morning it's currently 8 it took us
forever we did the first bottle of like
because we have this like powder which
you just add water and you shake it for
your pancakes and somehow we managed to
mess that one up yeah I did not know you
can mess that up
but we could so we had to make a second
model but we made it okay so we just got
these back yes I do with myself
Jody said she did really well like
significant improvement yeah although
she was like Elena and you might want to
consider using paragraphs yeah this
isn't my right thing this is paragraph
okay yeah and this movie you see which
is nice on the eyes this one but to be
fair I know how to use paragraphs when
it comes to an action and say but
there's a problem and yeah yeah that
should tell you more that you need
paragraph because it's a problem
question which gives us separate issues
well we're learning but I've
significantly improved according to my
supervisor by good news by putting Lions
and I just like adding a heading like I
think got me a free mohawk yes it's me
yeah maybe I next I can and Norma yeah
by just adding some
yeah that's good and we got a brief to
visit this one yes we could because we
built and I got an online form and it
was like what is your group name is
enemy would like a description of us we
would like we're interested in evolution
so we are going to visit the Scottish
father they do have log in there for me
yeah if we can block there we're gonna
do that a bit yeah let us know if you
want to Edinburgh blog reverse
[Music]
and I'm back in my room now and it's
been a really really long day it's like
6:30 now and I'm really just feeling
super super tired and I think it's
reasonable because Tuesday is my longest
day and I feel like the day it's just so
long because there's so much I have to
do is I it starts with an 8:45
supervision and just goes on until 6:00
when my last lecture ends and that's
just a lot but the good news is I got a
lot of civil all done which is really
really good
so I'm actually having hopes that I
might be able to finish to the wall
tomorrow which would be amazing so yeah
let's hope that this is gonna work out
so I just need it right now
so yeah I got myself some dinner from
the buttery and I feel like this is
becoming a very very bad habit
especially for Tuesday's I'm just taking
takeout but it's just so much more
comfortable because I can just sit on my
floor and eat it and I don't know why
but when I'm super exhausted
I sit on my floor which doesn't make a
lot of sense but that's just what I do
when I'm exhausted
so yeah I got myself some dinner and I'm
being really really healthy today I'm
actually proud of myself for being so
healthy um yeah I mean for dessert I'm
gonna have chocolate yogurt so I guess
it's not entirely healthy but you know
what this is green and so that counts
and I'm also starting my new book after
week and I know it's already Tuesday but
yeah I'm only starting it now because I
was busy so yeah but this is what I'm
gonna be reading this week and I'm quite
excited for it because it's called face
to face and in stories from a facial
surgeon you know tell stories of his
patients and how to face you know change
through surgery how they dealt with it
etcetera and I feel like this is gonna
be a very very interesting read it might
be a bit of a hard read on not
necessarily like in terms of
understanding or anything of that but
maybe emotionally I don't know but I'm
excited for it
so yeah I'm gonna be reading this this
week and let's see how it is also I just
started a Goodreads account I've never
had good reasons before yes I really
don't know why I haven't signed up for
this area but if you guys um want to see
what I'm reading what I like to read
then you can visit my Goodreads account
and I'm gonna link it in the info box
below with my other social media and
yeah if you guys have any tips for me
what I should read next and feel free to
send me a message for the comment
section off my blog or leave a comment
under this video I'm always happy to
receive good book recommendations so
yeah now I'm gonna take a break and you
know just chill a little and then maybe
do a bit more civil law or maybe take
the evening off depending on how I'm
feeling
hey guys past eight now I'm still on the
floor so yeah I did move though I'm on
my carpet now but that's as far as I've
gotten so yeah I guess you already
figured it out I didn't do anything for
civil law in the past hours but I think
that was good because I think I just
needed to take a little break because
Tuesday is a very very long day so I
think I deserved a little break so I
just read a little bit in this book
which I think was a really really good
pick for the week I really like it if
you guys are interested in a book I'm
gonna link it in the info box below as
usual this is not sponsored
I just share whatever I read in a week
and yeah let's see how that book turns
out I'm so far I really like it and I
think it's gonna be a good read so I'm
very optimistic but I also need to do
civil law so yeah tomorrow is gonna be a
day for civil just civil good morning
everybody it's Wednesday and today is
the day first civil law that's pretty
much all I'm gonna do today I also have
a seminar for legal skills and
methodology so that's gonna be in the
afternoon for two hours but the rest of
my day is gonna be civil law and
hopefully I'm gonna be able to finish
civil so that's really just my day well
what an interesting day right um but
yeah I really hope I can finish it
because that would be really really
great because then I would have finished
all my work for this week and well that
would be lovely because the only
Wednesday and so I could take
first day off and then start working on
on Friday which would be lovely so yeah
wish me luck
[Music]
and it's much later now I already had
lunch did my work for civil I'm not
finished yet but I think we're getting
nearer and it's possible to finish it
today so let's hope we can do that and
ask for you fatty so I gotta go to the
faculty for my seminar which will be two
hours and yeah then I'll get dinner and
get back to civil and hopefully finish
it so yeah that's pretty much the plan
now okay so I'm just cut out of my
seminar and Ross is giving out her
relationship advice basically now we're
going to Sainsbury's because this is
where our friendship is like no I went
to scenes and I was like do you want me
to get you flakes and she was like she
didn't reply yeah so she's gonna get
fixed now yeah cuz they're on sale and I
love them and I'm back in my room now so
now I'm gonna work a little bit more to
the law and let's see how far I can get
and even if I can't finish it today I
think I'll leave like maybe like an hour
or two hours of work I'm for tomorrow
and that's it so that would be great
because I could just finish it in the
morning so either way I will probably be
done with it before I go to my lectures
tomorrow which is really really good
news because it means tomorrow afternoon
will be a free afternoon so yeah that's
pretty much the plan now do a bit more
civil law and then I'll go to bad
[Music]
good morning everybody let's start with
the really really good music today civil
law is done that is amazing I'm really
really happy about that because it means
this afternoon is a free afternoon which
is really great I think I'm just gonna
chill this afternoon maybe read a little
maybe edit a video and that's pretty
much it so yeah it's gonna be relaxed
afternoon it's just why I also in my
sweater because I'm like you know this
is my day off basically so I might as
well wear some really really comfy stuff
because I'm just gonna be in my room
doing nothing and enjoying the life but
first I have to lectures but that's
really all I'm gonna do for my degree
today I'm just really feeling really
really good right now like to be ahead
of my work for once I mean I always get
my work done but you know usually
there's just so much work that it's
almost impossible to you know work ahead
so it feels really good to be ahead for
once he's I'm a new faculty and see
James brought me food
I wish extra cause I knew she'd need it
we're just true but to be fair she
offered it to me it's not like I take
away food okay I'm so you could you can
definitely see the look in her eyes and
she's like my food yeah that may be true
[Music]
okay season was just here and she now
left because she has an extracurricular
to go to and so I think I'm just gonna
chill on my carpet for like a good hour
now and just do nothing except for you
know just read in my book and that's
pretty much all I'm gonna do because I'm
taking this day off so I'm just gonna
you know chill here and if you do
nothing and enjoy it so yeah that's
pretty much my plan for like the next
hour or two or three hours uh you know
I'm just gonna do like whatever maybe
watch a Netflix show or something yeah
just you know do anything but work for
my degree and I think that's gonna be
quite relaxing so yeah but I don't
really know what to do with myself now
which is actually really sad like if you
think about it I feel like I've turned
into such a workaholic this it's hard to
know what to do when I'm not working for
magic cream which is that so I guess
it's good that I'm getting myself this
afternoon so I can also realize there's
things that say at Law School and my
extracurriculars so yeah just gonna you
know relax for a few hours many hours
later okay yes Elena isn't a college bar
for the first time I did not see that
coming today I just mentioned in her see
Jen and then Andrew showed up and had
like invited himself to our table so now
we're just like shelling into college
bar and can we appreciate this hot
chocolate hi it looks freakin amazing so
yeah we're just gonna chill a bit and
yeah since we're both done with our work
we can't afford it you know like you
know have a relaxed evening and a
college bar we literally only like damn
it so it's fine
we can make chill for like half an hour
and I just got back from a college Brier
was actually really really fun it was my
first time going to college Brian John's
but it was really really nice and he
makes them really really good at hot
chocolate so yeah we just chilled there
I like a good hour and a half and you
know we just talked that it was really
really fun so yeah that was a really
really good evening and I think this was
a really nice day off I'm really really
happy that I got to take this day off so
yeah tomorrow I'm gonna you know restart
working on my degree but yeah it was a
good break from work so I'm really
really happy that you know I managed to
get my work done so early this week that
I could take this day off and you know
just have like your really chill day I
feel like this really like re-energize
myself a lot so I'm really really glad
that I could do is and yeah this would
also be a good time to end the vlog I
hope you guys enjoyed it if you guys
have any questions for me feel free to
drop them in the comments below or send
me a message for the comment section off
my blog which is linked in the infobox
below thank you guys so much for
watching have a nice day bye